---
layout: post
title:  "Vanguard Podcast 2016-10-31"
date:   2016-11-03 17:18:11 -0700
categories: podcast
mp3: \audio\vanguard-podcast-2016-10-30.mp3
author: John Nichols
summary: We are sampling this.
---

<p><a href="\audio\vanguard-podcast-2016-10-30.mp3">Listen to to the Podcast</a></p>

<h1>The Week in Review</h1>

<ul class="alternate">
    
<li>Mo- Visiting the PUC to watch SCE&rsquo;s discussion of Grid Modernization (did not happen)</li>
    
<li>Tu- Officer &amp; Director Meeting
        
<ul class="alternate">
            
<li>summary:</li>
            
<li>austerity measures needed to get in shape;</li>
            
<li>innovation appears to be on the rise;</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    
<li>We- Vanguard Tech Camp Oct 2016</li>
    
<li>Th- Vanguard Tech Camp Oct 2016</li>
    
<li>Fr- Vacation</li>
</ul>

<h1>The Week Ahead</h1>

<ul class="alternate">
    
<li>Mo- AWS Immersion Day (create a blog for this)</li>
    
<li>Mo- Cloud Status to LT</li>
    
<li>Tu- Meeting with Accenture, re: D-SCADA</li>
    
<li>We- TGB - Emerging Technology Roadmap</li>
    
<li>We- Cloud Strategy WG</li>
    
<li>Th- Get Stuff Done</li>
    
<li>Fr- TGIA topic Microservices</li>
</ul>

<h1>Peek Ahead</h1>

<ul class="alternate">
    
<li>Vacation on the week of Nov 7</li>
    
<li>Next Vanguard Tech Camp on Nov 29 &amp; 30</li>
</ul>

<h1>Vanguard Tech Camp Debrief</h1>

<p>Highlights:</p>

<ul class="alternate">
    
<li>Embracing product ownership (example: Base Camp One)</li>
    
<li>Getting our communication tooling situated</li>
    
<li>Learned a process to go from Vision -&gt; Business Goals -&gt; Epics --&gt; User Stories</li>
    
<li>Working on integrating various tools, such as Jira, Github, aha.io and Wiki. More to do.</li>
    
<li>Decided that Python will be the language of choice for code-snippets and examples. Started learning
        Python using Code School. Easy to consume, useful... I can see why it is so popular.</li>
    
<li>Discussed Engineering Workstation of the Future with the head of Transmission Operations Substations.
        We have identified a critical need that has strong value, but needs a non-traditional approach.</li>
    
<li>Open Conference</li>
    
<li>Virtual Tech Camps and GSD sessions</li>
</ul>

<h1>Podcasts</h1>

<p><a href="http://fourhourworkweek.com/2016/10/27/david-heinemeier-hansson/">This is a podcast</a>&nbsp;by
    Tim Ferriss&nbsp;with major mashups of interests. Coding (it is with the creator of Ruby on Rails),
    Systems Thinking, Car Racing, Flow, and much more&hellip; Well worth the time.</p>

<h1>Thoughts</h1>

<ul class="alternate">
    
<li>Stumbled upon pages.github. Created&nbsp;<a href="https://vanguardarchitecture.github.io">vanguardarchitecture.github.io</a></li>
    
<li>Discovered how to run Cloud Foundary on a laptop (resource hog).&nbsp;</li>
    
<li>It appears there are two major Open Source coding ecosystems: Atlassian and Github. A lot of companies
        are supporting both, but choices and ease of integration is a trade off. For example, we could
        use Github Issues and similar things to have a Jira-like experience. I am thinking we go that
        way for one of the efforts to see how it plays out.</li>
</ul>

<h1>List of Actions and Communications</h1>

<ul class="alternate">
    
<li>Send a note to LT about Microservices talk from Adrian</li>
    
<li>Send note to LT about Vanguard progress (ship it!)</li>
    
<li>Innovation Working Group Concept.</li>
    
<li>CIO UNITE Innovation</li>
    
<li>Presentation to introduce, including my breakthrough of being mission &amp; purpose driven.</li>
</ul>

<h1>Link to Podcast</h1>

<p><a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwGWN74-VSXaQ3ZrTVY3WEUyNFU">Listen to to the Podcast</a></p>
